Benchmark template review (#3)
cyberbotics/benchmark-template: README.md

<span id="title">

# Benchmark organizer template

</span>

<!-- This is the shield badge where you can replace the webots.cloud link in brackets with your personal webots.cloud page -->
[![webots.cloud - Benchmark](https://img.shields.io/badge/webots.cloud-Benchmark-007ACC)](https://benchmark.webots.cloud/run?version=R2022b&url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fcyberbotics%2Fbenchmark-template%2Fblob%2Fmain%2Fworlds%2Frobot_programming.wbt&type=benchmark)

<!-- TODO: add examples when available
## Benchmark examples

- <https://github.com/cyberbotics/robot-programming-benchmark-disabled>
- <https://github.com/cyberbotics/inverted-pendulum-benchmark-disabled>
-->
## Organizer setup

> To organize your own benchmark, follow the instructions in the [ORGANIZER.md](../../blob/main/ORGANIZER.md) file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To organize your own benchmark, follow the instructions in the [ORGANIZER.md](../../blob/main/ORGANIZER.md) file.
```

---

## Description

<span id="description">

Write here a short description of your benchmark.

</span>

<img src="./preview/thumbnail.jpg" width="75%">

## Information

<span id="information">

- Difficulty: Middle School, High School, Bachelor, Master or PhD
- Robot: robot name
- Language: programming language of the controller template
- Commitment: amount of time needed to finish the benchmark

</span>

---

## How to participate

### Create your own entry repository from the template

> 1. ![Click here](../../generate) to create your own repository or do it manually by clicking on the green "Use this template" button:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. ![Click here](../../generate) to create your own repository automatically or do it manually by clicking on the green button "Use this template":
```

   1. Fill the "Repository name" field with a name for your controller.
   1. Choose the visibility of your controller, keep it "Public" if you don't care about people looking at your controller code otherwise set it to "Private".

>    1. Finally, click on the green "Create repository from template".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Finally, click on the green button "Create repository from template".
```

> You should now be on your **own** repository page and not the benchmark creator's repo. The URL should look like this: "https://<i></i>github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/YOUR_REPOSITORY_NAME". If it is not the case, go to your repositories and click on the first one from the list. **This is important** in order to be able to use the links in the following chapters.

Reviewer: It that useful?
```suggestion
You should now be on your **own** repository page and not the benchmark creator's repo. The URL should look like this: "https://github.com/YOUR_USERNAME/YOUR_REPOSITORY_NAME". If it is not the case, go to your repositories and click on the first one from the list. **This is important** in order to be able to use the links in the following chapters.
```

Author: I removed this section to make it clearer

#### If you set your repository as private, add the organizer as collaborator

1. ![Click here](../../settings/access) to go to the "Collaborators" setting page
   1. You might need to confirm the access by re-entering your GitHub password.
1. You should see a "Manage access" box where you will see the current collaborators of the repo.
Click on the "Add people" and search for "ORGANIZER_NAME". When you found the organizer, add them to the repository.

> ### Register yourself by using posting an issue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Register by posting an issue
```

1. Go back to the main page of your repository if that is not the case and copy the repository URL from the address bar to your clipboard.
1. ![Click here](https://github.com/ORGANIZER_NAME/ORGANIZER_REPOSITORY/issues/new?assignees=&labels=registration&template=registration_form.yml&title=Registration+to+benchmark) to go to the organizer repository and start your registration. If it doesn't work, you can do it manually by going to the organizer's repository, then to the "Issues" tab, creating a new issue and choosing "Registration to benchmark".
1. Paste your repository URL in the URL field and click the "Submit new issue" button.

> A series of automated actions will take place in a few seconds. If everything went well, you should get a message saying that you are successfully registered to the benchmark. If there was a problem, read the feedback message to fix what went wrong. When you finished fixing your repository, you can post a "retry" comment on the registration issue to re-run the automated verifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A series of automated actions will take place in a few seconds. If everything went well, you should get a message saying that you are successfully registered to the benchmark. If there was a problem, read the feedback message, fix what is wrong and post a "retry" comment on the registration issue to re-run the automated verification.
```

### Modify the template controller and/or create your own one

Everything should be good to go, you can modify the main controller files in the controllers folder.

> The supervisor controller is the special controller that is used to evaluate your controller's performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The supervisor controller is the special controller that is used to evaluate your controller's performance.
You should not modify it.
```

> Your controller is evaluated in a [Docker container](https://www.docker.com/resources/what-container/). If you want to make a more complex controller, you are free to use any library that you want but be sure to update the controller_Dockerfile with any dependencies you would need. The default Webots Docker container has the tools needed to run and compile C, C++ and Python controllers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your controller is evaluated in a [Docker container](https://www.docker.com/resources/what-container/). If your robot controller has dependencies, such as some specific libraries, python modules or a complete ROS framework, be sure to update the [controller_Dockerfile](controller_Dockerfile) to include all these dependencies. The default Webots Docker container includes the tools needed to run and compile simple C, C++ and Python controllers.
```
